DOCS-5806 Update beta info for trace queries (#19237)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_queries/_index.md

---

{{< beta-callout url="#" btn_hidden="true">}}

> Trace Queries is in beta. Spans used for queries are from a <a href="#the-data-that-trace-queries-are-based-on"><strong>uniform 1% sample</strong> of ingested spans</a>, not from your existing retention filters.

Author: ```suggestion
To join the Trace Queries private beta <a href="/help/">contact Support</a>. Spans used for queries are from a <a href="#the-data-that-trace-queries-are-based-on"><strong>uniform 1% sample</strong> of ingested spans</a>, not from your existing retention filters.
```
